





Data Science Intern - OCBridge






















































































 









		Skip to content





 









				The Leader in AI-Powered Recruitment
			
 







Main Menu

 









Home
About
Recruitment Service
Consulting Service
Career
Contact
Blog
Job Board
 







San Jose, CA
Posted on January 27, 2024
$ 3,000 / month USD / Year 



Data Science Intern
 
About the Role

OCBridge is an AI-powered talent search and consulting firm providing talent acquisition and intelligence services in San Jose, Toronto, and Beijing. We are looking for a highly motivated Data Analyst Intern to join our OCInsights business unit to support our in-depth industry research and talent intelligence consulting services.

As a Data Science Intern, you will participate in data scraping, cleaning, and manipulating data in a database, using coding languages to create dashboards, fine-tuning models with AIGC platform’s APIs, and assisting the team with other assigned tasks. You will have access to different tools and platforms to solve real business problems and be part of a passionate team in Silicon Valley.

*This is a full-time intern opportunity that requires 5 days on-site at our San Jose office, with a potential return offer to transition into a full-time Data Analyst role based on performance.

Responsibilities




Support the data team in data scraping based on requirements.
Use Python to manipulate and process data under the mentor’s instruction.
Provide data analysis and generate insights into business performance and industry trends.
Leverage OpenAI APIs for fine-tuning and retraining large language models.
Assist the team in completing other assigned tasks (e.g., marketing analytics, etc.)




Job Requirements:

This position requires Master’s degree or foreign equivalent in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field.

No prior work experience is required, but must demonstrate solid knowledge and skills through academic coursework, research project, teaching assistantship, or practical training through internship or co-op in each of the following:




Bachelor or master’s degree in the fields of data science, computer science, data analytics, business analytics, and related majors
Proficient in using the Python programming language and database querying language SQL
Experience in LLM or fine-tuning model training
Strong responsible attitude and detail-oriented
Proficient in Chinese both written and verbal
Quick learner, multitasks, and able to work independently
Working experience in start-ups and small organizations is a plus
Experience in AWS is a plus








To apply for this job please visit ocbang.larksuite.com.




Related
  









 




Enable Business to GrowEmpower People to Succeed 










OCBridge is a premium recruitment and consulting firm that helps businesses achieve growth with our AI-powered platform and a team of industry experts. 







About 






Home





 
About





 
Contact




Career





 
Blog











Service 






Recruitment Service




Consulting Service











Contact 






 
info@ocbridge.ai



 
+1 (669) 275-3612



 
2550 N 1st St, Ste 100, San Jose, CA 95131









Linkedin
 














2023 © All rights reserved by OCBANG Inc. 













Manage Cookie Consent






To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





Functional



Functional

								Always active							






The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





Preferences


Preferences







The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





Statistics


Statistics







The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





Marketing


Marketing







The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes



Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



Manage consent










